[ADD] eCommerce: new price management page (#3046)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/websites/ecommerce/managing_products/price_management.rst

> ================
> Price management
> ================
> 
> Odoo offers multiple options to select the price displayed on your website, as well as
> condition-specific prices based on selected criteria.
> 
> Displayed price
> ===============
> 
> Choosing the displayed tax usually depends on a country's regulations or the type of customers
> **(B2B vs B2C)**. To select the type of price displayed, go to :menuselection:`Website app -->
> Configuration --> Settings`, scroll-down to the :guilabel:`Shop - Products` category, and select
> :guilabel:`Tax Excluded` or :guilabel:`Tax Included`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
================
Price management
================

Odoo offers multiple options to select the price displayed on your website, as well as
condition-specific prices based on selected criteria.

Displayed price
============

Choosing the displayed tax usually depends on a country's regulations or the type of customers
**(B2B vs B2C)**. To select the type of price displayed, go to :menuselection:`Website app -->
Configuration --> Settings`, scroll-down to the :guilabel:`Shop - Products` category, and select
:guilabel:`Tax Excluded` or :guilabel:`Tax Included`.
```

Author: I think there might be something wrong between your setup and my setup, as H-level should always be the same length as the title themselves. Your suggestion would not be the same length anymore :) 
![jaae](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104567387/205001015-c749d15a-7238-457d-8e99-a8a5380ff501.png)

> 
> Note that this setting is **global**, and the tax-display type is the same for your website(s) and
> back-end. It is therefore not possible to select different tax displays for different websites. This
> may be a significant point of consideration when implementing a database with multiple ecommerce
> websites pertaining to different types of customers (i.e. B2B and B2C).
> 
> - :guilabel:`Tax Excluded`: the price displayed on the website is **tax-excluded** and the tax is
>   computed at the cart-review step;
> - :guilabel:`Tax Included`: the price displayed on the website is **tax-included**.
> 
> You can choose to display the type of pricing next to the product price, by going to
> :menuselection:`Website app --> Site --> Homepage --> Shop`, selecting one of your product, and then
> :menuselection:`Edit --> Customize tab` and enabling :guilabel:`Tax Indication`.
> 
> .. image:: price_management/price-tax-display-type.png
>    :align: center
>    :alt: Tax type displayed on the product page
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Note that this setting is **global**, and the tax-display type is the same for your website(s) and
back-end. It is, therefore, not possible to select different tax displays for different websites. This
may be a significant point of consideration when implementing a database with multiple eCommerce
websites pertaining to different types of customers (i.e., B2B and B2C).

- :guilabel:`Tax Excluded`: the price displayed on the website is **tax-excluded** and the tax is
  computed at the cart-review step;
- :guilabel:`Tax Included`: the price displayed on the website is **tax-included**.

You can choose to display the type of pricing next to the product price 
by going to
:menuselection:`Website app --> Site --> Homepage --> Shop`, selecting one of your product, and then
:menuselection:`Edit --> Customize tab` and enabling :guilabel:`Tax Indication`.

.. image:: price_management/price-tax-display-type.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Tax type displayed on the product page

```

Author: Not sure what was changed here ? Your suggestion is identical to my content

Price per unit
==============

It is possible to display a
:doc:`price per unit <../../../inventory_and_mrp/inventory/management/products/uom>` on the product
page. To do that, go to :menuselection:`Website app --> Configuration --> Settings` and enable
:guilabel:`Product Reference Price` under the :guilabel:`Shop - Products`. When enabled, make sure
an amount is set in the :guilabel:`Base Unit Count` field of the **product template**, as well as in
the :guilabel:`Sales Price`. The price per unit of measure can be found above the :guilabel:`Add to
Cart` button on the product page.

.. image:: price_management/price-cost-per-unit.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Cost per unit pricing on the product template

.. image:: price_management/price-cost-per-unit-page.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Cost per unit pricing on the product page

> .. note::
>    Pay attention that having the price per unit may be **mandatory** in some countries.
> 
> .. seealso::
>    - :doc:`../../../inventory_and_mrp/inventory/management/products/uom`
> 
> Price configuration
> ===================
> 
> Pricelists
> ----------
> 
> Pricelists are the main tool to manage prices on your ecommerce. They allow you to define
> website-specific prices - different from the price on the product template - based on **country
> groups**, **currency**, **minimum quantity**, **period**, or **variants**. You can create as many
> pricelist as needed, but it is mandatory to have at least one pricelist available on a website. If
> no custom pricelists are added, Odoo defaults to the **Public Pricelist** for all websites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::
   Pay attention that having the price per unit may be **mandatory** in some countries.

.. seealso::
   - :doc:`../../../inventory_and_mrp/inventory/management/products/uom`

Price configuration
===============

Pricelists
----------

Pricelists are the main tool to manage prices on your eCommerce. They allow you to define
website-specific prices - different from the price on the product template - based on **country
groups**, **currency**, **minimum quantity**, **period**, or **variants**. You can create as many
pricelists as needed, but it is mandatory to have at least one pricelist available on a website. If
no custom pricelists are added, Odoo defaults to the **Public Pricelist** for all websites.
```

> Configuration
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~
> 
> Pricelists can be found under :menuselection:`Website app --> eCommerce --> Pricelists`, but must
> first be activated. For that, head to :menuselection:`Website app --> Configuration --> Settings`
> and scroll-down to the :guilabel:`Shop - Products` section. There, you can find two options:
> 
> - :guilabel:`Multiple prices per product`;
> - :guilabel:`Advanced price rules (discounts, formulas)`.
> 
> The **first** option allows you to set different prices per customer *segment*, i.e. registered
> customers, gold customers, regular customers, etc. The **second** option allows you to set *price
> change* rules such as **discounts**, **margins**, **roundings**, etc.
> 
> Foreign currency
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
> 
> If you are selling in **multiple currencies** and have pricelists in foreign currencies, customers
> can select their coresponding pricelist anywhere on the :guilabel:`Shop` page from the drop-down
> menu next to the **search bar**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration
~~~~~~~~~~~

Pricelists can be found under :menuselection:`Website app --> eCommerce --> Pricelists`, but must
first be activated. For that, head to :menuselection:`Website app --> Configuration --> Settings`
and scroll down to the :guilabel:`Shop - Products` section. There, you can find two options:

- :guilabel:`Multiple prices per product`;
- :guilabel:`Advanced price rules (discounts, formulas)`.

The **first** option allows you to set different prices per customer *segment*, i.e., registered
customers, gold customers, regular customers, etc. The **second** option allows you to set *price
change* rules such as **discounts**, **margins**, **roundings**, etc.

Foreign currency
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If you are selling in **multiple currencies** and have pricelists in foreign currencies, customers
can select their corresponding pricelist anywhere on the :guilabel:`Shop` page from the drop-down
menu next to the **search bar**.
```

.. image:: price_management/price-pricelists.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Pricelists selection

.. seealso::
   - :doc:`../../../sales/sales/products_prices/prices/pricing`
   - :doc:`../../../sales/sales/products_prices/prices/currencies`

> Discount and loyalty programs
> =============================
> 
> It is possible to create promotion and loyalty programs, which offer different options from
> pricelists. To do so, go to :menuselection:`Website app --> eCommerce --> Discount & Loyalty`, and
> :guilabel:`Create` a program from scratch or by using the templates. You can also modify an existing
> program by clicking on it.
> 
> .. image:: price_management/price-discount-loyalty.png
>    :align: center
>    :alt: Discount and loyal program templates
> 
> .. _pricing_management/program-types:
> 
> The different program types are:
> 
> - :guilabel:`Coupons`: Generate and share single-use, coupon codes that grant access to rewards;
> - :guilabel:`Next Order Coupons`: Generate and share single-use, coupons that grant access to
>   rewards on the next order;
> - :guilabel:`Promotions`: Set conditional rules when ordering, which grant access to reward for the
>   customers;
> - :guilabel:`Discount Code`: Set codes which when entered upon checkout grants customers a discount;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Discount and loyalty programs
=======================

It is possible to create promotion and loyalty programs, which offer different options from
pricelists. To do so, go to :menuselection:`Website app --> eCommerce --> Discount & Loyalty`, and
:guilabel:`Create` a program from scratch or by using the templates. You can also modify an existing
program by clicking on it.

.. image:: price_management/price-discount-loyalty.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Discount and loyal program templates

.. _pricing_management/program-types:

The different program types are:

- :guilabel:`Coupons`: Generate and share single-use, coupon codes that grant access to rewards;
- :guilabel:`Next Order Coupons`: Generate and share single-use coupons that grant access to
  rewards on the next order;
- :guilabel:`Promotions`: Set conditional rules when ordering, which grant access to rewards for the
  customers;
- :guilabel:`Discount Code`: Set codes which, when entered upon checkout, grants customers a discount;
```

Author: Same issue with title length here too. I did change the spelling and commas :)

> - :guilabel:`Loyalty Cards`: Customers receive points when buying, which they can exchange for
>   rewards on their current or future order;
> - :guilabel:`Buy X Get Y`: Grant 1 credit for each item bought, then reward customers with Y item in
>   exchange of X credits.
> 
> Configuration
> -------------
> 
> When creating or modifying a program, the options available depend on the :guilabel:`Program Type`
> selected. Therefore, some programs may have additional options related to their type.
> 
> - :guilabel:`Program Name`: Enter the name of the program, this is not visible by the customer;
> - :guilabel:`Program Type`: The :ref:`program type <pricing_management/program-types>` you want to
>   use;
> - :guilabel:`Currency`: The currency you wish to use for that program;
> - :guilabel:`Points Unit`: The unit you wish to use for the :guilabel:`Loyalty Cards`. You are free
>   to enter any name you want;
> - :guilabel:`Validity`: The date until which the program is valid;
> - :guilabel:`Limit Usage`: The limited number of times the program can be used during the
>   :guilabel:`Validity`;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Loyalty Cards`: Customers receive points when buying, which they can exchange for
  rewards on their current or future order;
- :guilabel:`Buy X Get Y`: Grant 1 credit for each item bought, then reward customers with Y item in
exchange of X credits.

Configuration
-------------

When creating or modifying a program, the options available depend on the :guilabel:`Program Type`
selected. Therefore, some programs may have additional options related to their type.

- :guilabel:`Program Name`: Enter the name of the program, this is not visible by the customer;
- :guilabel:`Program Type`: The :ref:`program type <pricing_management/program-types>` you want to
  use;
- :guilabel:`Currency`: The currency you wish to use for that program;
- :guilabel:`Points Unit`: The unit you wish to use for the :guilabel:`Loyalty Cards`. You are free
  to enter any name you want;
- :guilabel:`Validity`: The date until which the program is valid;
- :guilabel:`Limit Usage`: The limited number of times the program can be used during the
  :guilabel:`Validity`;
```

Author: I'm not sure what is the problem here. I see on line 146 you deleted a blank space, but on my end the spacing is just as it should be (and so is the character limit)
![jaae](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104567387/205002046-cc994465-636e-4c5d-b239-c9703f501b61.png)

> - :guilabel:`Company`: If you have multiple companies, the company in which the program is
>   available;
> - :guilabel:`Available On`: Check the app boxes where the program is available on;
> - :guilabel:`Website`: The website(s) on which the program is available. Leave the field to make it
>   available on *all* websites;
> - :guilabel:`Point of Sale`: The :abbr:`PoS (Point of Sale)` in which the program is available.
>   Leave empty to make it available on *all* :abbr:`PoS (Point of Sale)`.
> 
> .. image:: price_management/price-programs.png
>    :align: center
>    :alt: Program options
> 
> You can see the number of promotional items available per program in the upper-right corner, under
> the corresponding tab.
> 
> .. image:: price_management/price-programs-items.png
>    :align: center
>    :alt: Program items tab
> 
> Conditional rules
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Company`: If you have multiple companies, the company in which the program is 
available;
- :guilabel:`Available On`: Check the app boxes where the program is available on;
- :guilabel:`Website`: The website(s) on which the program is available. Leave the field to make it
  available on *all* websites;
- :guilabel:`Point of Sale`: The :abbr:`PoS (Point of Sale)` in which the program is available.
  Leave empty to make it available on *all* :abbr:`PoS (Point of Sale)`.

.. image:: price_management/price-programs.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Program options

You can see the number of promotional items available per program in the upper-right corner, under
the corresponding tab.

.. image:: price_management/price-programs-items.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Program items tab

Conditional rules
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

Author: Same here, not sure why the blank space was deleted

Under the :guilabel:`Rules & Rewards` tab, you can set the conditions and points value depending on
the program type you selected. Click :guilabel:`Add` in the :guilabel:`Conditional rules` column to
add **conditions**.

- :guilabel:`Minimum Quantity`: The minimum quantity that must be bought to access the reward;
- :guilabel:`Minimum Purchase`: The minimum amount (in currency) :guilabel:`tax Included` or
  :guilabel:`tax Excluded` to access the reward. You can combine both quantity *and* amount;
- :guilabel:`Products`: The product(s) to which the program applies;
- :guilabel:`Categories`: The category of products to which the program applies. Select
  :guilabel:`All` to apply to *all* categories;
- :guilabel:`Product Tag:` Select a tag to apply the program to products containing that tag;
- :guilabel:`Grant`: Set the number of points the customer can earn :guilabel:`per order`,
  :guilabel:`per currency spent`, or :guilabel:`per unit paid`.

.. image:: price_management/price-conditions.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Conditional rules to get rewards through a program type

> Rewards
> ~~~~~~~
> 
> Click :guilabel:`Add` in the :guilabel:`Rewards` column to add **rewards**. According to the type of
> reward selected, different options may be available.
> 
> - :guilabel:`Reward Type`: Select the reward type among :guilabel:`Discount`,
>   :guilabel:`Free product`, and :guilabel:`Free Shipping`;
> - :guilabel:`Discount`: The discounted amount in :guilabel:`%`, :guilabel:`currency per point`, or
>   :guilabel:`currency per order` on either the :guilabel:`Order`, the :guilabel:`Cheapest Product`,
>   or the :guilabel:`Specific Products`;
> - :guilabel:`In exchange of`: Enter the amount of tokens or points earned by the customer to be
>   exchanged for the reward;
> - :guilabel:`Description on order`: The description of the reward displayed upon checkout;
> - :guilabel:`Max Discount`: The maximum amount (in currency) granted by the discount. Leave to `0`
>   for unlimited amount;
> - :guilabel:`Discounted Products`: The selected product(s) eligible for discount;
> - :guilabel:`Discounted Prod. Categories`: The product category eligible for discount. Select
>   :guilabel:`All` for all categories;
> - :guilabel:`Discounted Prod. Tag`: The products eligible for discount according to their tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rewards
~~~~~~~

Click :guilabel:`Add` in the :guilabel:`Rewards` column to add **rewards**. According to the type of
reward selected, different options may be available.

- :guilabel:`Reward Type`: Select the reward type among :guilabel:`Discount`,
  :guilabel:`Free product`, and :guilabel:`Free Shipping`;
- :guilabel:`Discount`: The discounted amount in :guilabel:`%`, :guilabel:`currency per point`, or
  :guilabel:`currency per order` on either the :guilabel:`Order`, the :guilabel:`Cheapest Product`,
  or the :guilabel:`Specific Products`;
- :guilabel:`In exchange of`: Enter the amount of tokens or points earned by the customer to be
exchanged for the reward;
- :guilabel:`Description on order`: The description of the reward displayed upon checkout;
- :guilabel:`Max Discount`: The maximum amount (in currency) granted by the discount. Leave as `0`
  for unlimited amounts;
- :guilabel:`Discounted Products`: The selected product(s) eligible for discount;
- :guilabel:`Discounted Prod. Categories`: The product category eligible for discount. Select
  :guilabel:`All` for all categories;
- :guilabel:`Discounted Prod. Tag`: The products eligible for discount according to their tag.
```

Author: Once more, not sure about that blank space. I changed your suggestion "as" to "on"

.. image:: price_management/price-tax-display-type.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Tax type displayed on the product page

Price per unit
==============

It is possible to display a
:doc:`price per unit <../../../inventory_and_mrp/inventory/management/products/uom>` on the product
page. To do that, go to :menuselection:`Website --> Configuration --> Settings` and enable
:guilabel:`Product Reference Price` under the :guilabel:`Shop - Products`. When enabled, make sure
an amount is set in the :guilabel:`Base Unit Count` field of the **product template**, as well as in
the :guilabel:`Sales Price`. The price per unit of measure can be found above the :guilabel:`Add to
Cart` button on the product page.

.. image:: price_management/price-cost-per-unit.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Cost per unit pricing on the product template

.. image:: price_management/price-cost-per-unit-page.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Cost per unit pricing on the product page

.. note::
   Pay attention that having the price per unit may be **mandatory** in some countries.

.. seealso::
   - :doc:`../../../inventory_and_mrp/inventory/management/products/uom`

Price configuration
===================

Pricelists

> ----------

Reviewer 2: Not sure that this heading is necessary. You could go for something like: _Price configuration: pricelists_

Pricelists are the main tool to manage prices on your eCommerce. They allow you to define
website-specific prices - different from the price on the product template - based on **country
groups**, **currency**, **minimum quantity**, **period**, or **variants**. You can create as many
pricelists as needed, but it is mandatory to have at least one pricelist available on a website. If

> no custom pricelists are added, Odoo defaults to the **Public Pricelist** for all websites.

Author: Added a seealso

be activated. For that, head to :menuselection:`Website --> Configuration --> Settings` and scroll
down to the :guilabel:`Shop - Products` section. There, you can find two options:

- :guilabel:`Multiple prices per product`;
- :guilabel:`Advanced price rules (discounts, formulas)`.

The **first** option allows you to set different prices per customer *segment*, i.e., registered
customers, gold customers, regular customers, etc. The **second** option allows you to set *price
change* rules such as **discounts**, **margins**, **roundings**, etc.

Foreign currency
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If you are selling in **multiple currencies** and have pricelists in foreign currencies, customers
can select their corresponding pricelist anywhere on the :guilabel:`Shop` page from the drop-down
menu next to the **search bar**.

.. image:: price_management/price-pricelists.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Pricelists selection

.. seealso::
   - :doc:`../../../sales/sales/products_prices/prices/pricing`
   - :doc:`../../../sales/sales/products_prices/prices/currencies`

Discount and loyalty programs
=============================

> Discount and loyalty
> --------------------

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Not useful

It is possible to create promotion and loyalty programs, which offer different options from
pricelists. To do so, go to :menuselection:`Website --> eCommerce --> Discount & Loyalty`, and

> :guilabel:`Create` a program from scratch or by using the templates. You can also modify an existing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Create` a program from scratch or use one of the templates. You can also modify an existing
```
Note, I don't see the templates displayed below when going to Website --> eCommerce --> Discount & Loyalty

Author: Maybe there was a bug, but here's what it looks like FYI 
![template](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104567387/217504649-148aa3ab-9ec6-403b-9056-dc5922d94d3d.png)

Author: Added a note as well

program by clicking on it.

.. image:: price_management/price-discount-loyalty.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Discount and loyal program templates

.. _pricing_management/program-types:

The different program types are:

> - :guilabel:`Coupons`: Generate and share single-use, coupon codes that grant access to rewards;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Coupons`: Generate and share single-use coupon codes that grant access to rewards;
```
no comma

> - :guilabel:`Next Order Coupons`: Generate and share single-use, coupons that grant access to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Next Order Coupons`: Generate and share single-use coupons that grant access to
```

  rewards on the next order;
- :guilabel:`Promotions`: Set conditional rules when ordering, which grant access to rewards for the
  customers;
- :guilabel:`Discount Code`: Set codes which, when entered upon checkout, grants customers a
  discount;
- :guilabel:`Loyalty Cards`: Customers receive points when buying, which they can exchange for
  rewards on their current or future order;

> - :guilabel:`Buy X Get Y`: Grant 1 credit for each item bought, then reward customers with Y item in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Buy X Get Y`: Grant 1 credit for each item bought, then reward customers with item Y in
```
item Y

  exchange of X credits.

Configuration
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When creating or modifying a program, the options available depend on the :guilabel:`Program Type`
selected. Therefore, some programs may have additional options related to their type.

> - :guilabel:`Program Name`: Enter the name of the program, this is not visible by the customer;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Program Name`: Enter the name of the program; this is not visible by the customer;
```
; or .

- :guilabel:`Program Type`: The :ref:`program type <pricing_management/program-types>` you want to
  use;
- :guilabel:`Currency`: The currency you wish to use for that program;
- :guilabel:`Points Unit`: The unit you wish to use for the :guilabel:`Loyalty Cards`. You are free
  to enter any name you want;
- :guilabel:`Validity`: The date until which the program is valid;
- :guilabel:`Limit Usage`: The limited number of times the program can be used during the
  :guilabel:`Validity`;
- :guilabel:`Company`: If you have multiple companies, the company in which the program is
  available;
- :guilabel:`Available On`: Check the app boxes where the program is available on;

> - :guilabel:`Website`: The website(s) on which the program is available. Leave the field to make it

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Website`: The website(s) on which the program is available. Leave the field empty to make it
```
_empty_, I assume

Author: You assumed right

  available on *all* websites;

> - :guilabel:`Point of Sale`: The :abbr:`PoS (Point of Sale)` in which the program is available.
>   Leave empty to make it available on *all* :abbr:`PoS (Point of Sale)`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Point of Sale`: The :abbr:`PoS (Point of Sale)` in which the program is available.
  Leave the field empty to make it available on *all* :abbr:`PoS (Point of Sale)`.
```
That's not how you use the abbr markup: it's used to display a dotted underline with the non-abbreviated name displayed in a pop-up on mouse hover.  https://www.odoo.com/documentation/16.0/contributing/documentation/rst_cheat_sheet.html#abbreviations

.. image:: price_management/price-programs.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Program options

You can see the number of promotional items available per program in the upper-right corner, under
the corresponding tab.

.. image:: price_management/price-programs-items.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Program items tab

Conditional rules
*****************

Under the :guilabel:`Rules & Rewards` tab, you can set the conditions and points value depending on
the program type you selected. Click :guilabel:`Add` in the :guilabel:`Conditional rules` column to
add **conditions**.

- :guilabel:`Minimum Quantity`: The minimum quantity that must be bought to access the reward;
- :guilabel:`Minimum Purchase`: The minimum amount (in currency) :guilabel:`tax Included` or
  :guilabel:`tax Excluded` to access the reward. You can combine both quantity *and* amount;
- :guilabel:`Products`: The product(s) to which the program applies;
- :guilabel:`Categories`: The category of products to which the program applies. Select
  :guilabel:`All` to apply to *all* categories;
- :guilabel:`Product Tag:` Select a tag to apply the program to products containing that tag;

> - :guilabel:`Grant`: Set the number of points the customer can earn :guilabel:`per order`,

Reviewer 2: Maybe mention it only applies to _Loyalty Cards_ and _Buy X Get Y_

Author: Added a note

  :guilabel:`per currency spent`, or :guilabel:`per unit paid`.

.. image:: price_management/price-conditions.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Conditional rules to get rewards through a program type

Rewards
*******

> Click :guilabel:`Add` in the :guilabel:`Rewards` column to add **rewards**. According to the type of

Reviewer 2: The option below depends on the program type selected. Not sure it's worth specifying each time to which type they apply, but that's something to consider

Author: Added a note too

- :guilabel:`Description on order`: The description of the reward displayed upon checkout;
- :guilabel:`Max Discount`: The maximum amount (in currency) granted by the discount. Leave on `0`
  for unlimited amounts;
- :guilabel:`Discounted Products`: The selected product(s) eligible for discount;
- :guilabel:`Discounted Prod. Categories`: The product category eligible for discount. Select
  :guilabel:`All` for all categories;
- :guilabel:`Discounted Prod. Tag`: The products eligible for discount according to their tag.

.. image:: price_management/price-rewards.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Rewards of promotional program

Permanent discount
------------------

If you have permanently reduced the price of a product, a popular means to attract customers is the
**strikethrough** strategy. The strategy consists in displaying the previous price crossed-out, and
the **new discounted price** next to it.

.. image:: price_management/price-strikethrough.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Price strikethrough

To display a 'striked' price, first enable the :guilabel:`Comparison Price` option under
:menuselection:`Website --> Configuration --> Settings --> Shop - Products category`. Then, head to

> the product's template (:menuselection:`Website --> eCommerce --> Products`) and in the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the product's template (:menuselection:`Website --> eCommerce --> Products`), and in the
```
